Update FAQs (#1416)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/partials/_troubleshooting-building-partial.md

</p>

<p>

> To get the exact fees paid, you can query a Classic node, which will return all the exact information in an object called <code>feeStats</code>. That object will contain all the information split into the 4 different gas fields: prices, unitsUsed and paid (which is price * unitsUsed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the exact fees paid, you can query a Classic node, which will return all the accurate information in an object called <code>feeStats</code>. That object will contain all the information split into the four different gas fields: prices, `unitsUsed`, and paid (which is price * `unitsUsed`).
```
